# User Stories

The use case of this tool is to build and make accessible text corpora of political, social, and scholarly significance that can build greater public transparency about public policymaking and state-level politics. Researchers would be interested in this tool to gather raw data for nuanced, tailored analysis, while journalists and members of the public can engage with our text analysis dashboard to capture high-level trends in the political discourse at the state legislature.

- *Researchers*: Researcher are those who are interested in understanding topics of social and political interest, such as the policy process, political communication, policy narratives, government institutions, political advocacy, and/or political elite behavior. They may also be interested in specific policy areas relevant to state-level policymaking, such as environmental policy or education policy. Researchers can use StateLegiscraper's Scrape and Process class of functions for their states of interest to export raw data of their committee and year of interest, and can process the raw data into clean, workable text data. They are comfortable using Python to access the data through the statelegiscraper package, and will choose to conduct their text analysis in either Python or R. Researchers may run StateLegiscraper across multiple years and/or multiple committees and/or multiple states in order to capture data across time and at scale.

- *Members of the Public*: Members of the public are interested in consuming high-level information about political narratives in state legislatures. They will choose to engage with StateLegiscraper's dashboards to understand basic text analytics that emerge from standing committee hearings, such as frequency of word use, general sentiment analysis, and word relevancy. StateLegiscraper's dashboard provides processed data and analysis from selected state legislatures about specific policy areas.
